- [Narrator] Let's take a look
at the Managed Thread Factory demo now.
The list of steps is on the slide in front of us.
The first step is to add a REST class in the project,
so let's head back to the IDE and add a REST class.
Let's say this is going to be logging resource.
Let's set the path annotation to it
on line number 12.
Want to say add at path and say log data.
Let's also inject the Managed Thread Factory
by at resource annotation inside the REST class.
So let's go to the concurrent resources tab
on the GlassFish admin console.
And you can go to manage thread factories
and pick up that JNDI name.
So I'm copying that.
Let's come back to the class
and there on line number 18 I'm going
to first get the resource annotation.
And then get a reference.
Sorry, before that I think we need to do the look up.
So let's delete this line.
We don't need this right now.
Let's first do the lookup.
And let's give that name.
Once we do this there on the next slide
we will have a reference to the managed thread factory api.
Okay, the next step will be,
we want to create a logging task
as a runnable implementation.
So we want to implement a very simple task for this.
It's going to be a logging task where we just log some data.
The way we did it in one of the standard edition videos.
So let's got to the IDE and under runnables folder
I'm going to create a class which says logging processor.
Let this implement a runnable.
And of course when it implements runnable
you will have to implement a run method.
Let's get rid of this default implementation.
Okay, and what do we want to do here?
Very simple, we just going to take the logger class,
java util dot logging,
and say get logger, so get the logger.
The name for this logger will be the class name.
So I'm copying that from line 14 to line 19
and say dot class dot get name.
Okay and what does this want to do?
This is gonna log something for us.
So we want to log something on a
particular level, logging level
and we'll do that for the info level.
We don't want any c-var logging right now.
Info and the message is logging data for logging resource.
Because that's the REST resource we created.
Okay, and so to do one more thing on line 19
I'm going to but a sys out, simple sys out.
We could also put the logger statement of problem.
What we do here is we just get the thread name.
So I'm gonna say thread
and just upend the static call of current thread.
And chain the get name api on it
to get the name of the thread.
Okay, next, we'll have to add the REST method.
We want to use the manage thread factory now
to create the new thread.
And then we'll test this entire task.
So let's go back to our logging resource.
Let's write a method here, which is annotated
with the get type of the REST service.
So what are we going to say?
We're going to say public.
Let's write down a simple string.
And let's also say log data.
And what do we want to do?
We want to take this thread factory now.
And we want to clear the thread with that factory.
So you can take an instance of the thread class.
And take the thread factory.
And then say new thread, right?
And this new thread API is going to
demand an instance of your runnable.
So we'll have to instantiate the logging processor task.
There we go.
Now once this is done, then you can
just go ahead and sit thread dot,
maybe if you wanna give your own name,
so let's say set name.
Let's say logging thread.
That's the name to this thread.
And once you do that you just have to say thread dot start.
And this REST API is trying to write on a string value,
so I'm just going to say return
logging thread doing its' job, check console.
Okay, cool, so we'll check the console.
Once this entire REST full API is called out.
Okay, then of course we have to test
this entire thing with the Postman tool,
so let's make sure the changes got deployed.
Yes, they did.
And what we'll do is for consistency
we'll not give the name of the method
and the path the same.
So I'm just going to change the path on line number 18.
Let's say logging, that's all.
So we are now just going to build this
project again and quickly run.
So let's clean and build.
Okay, and let's run.
So that's the basic URL, let's copy that.
Let's go to the Postman tool.
We already have it on our console so just click send.
And that's the return value that REST
full API provided us.
So let's go to the console and check what happened.
Yes, so that's your thread.
Logging thread, right?
And the task output is also printed on the console.
So that's how simply you can just create
a new thread with the managed thread factory.
And when you clear the thread out of this factory
it means now that the thread is going to run
with all the container context information.
In the next video we'll quickly also
see how do you use the thread pull executor
and combine it with the managed thread factory
to return you a Java standard edition executor service.
Let's see how to do that in the next video.